`compute-baseline`: Add README and LICENSE files (#934)
web-platform-dx/web-features: packages/compute-baseline/README.md

Strictly speaking, a Baseline status requires editorial review, so statuses generated by `compute-baseline` are tentative.
If you need authoritative Baseline statuses, check out the [`web-features`](https://github.com/web-platform-dx/web-features/tree/main/packages/web-features) package instead.

You can use `compute-baseline` to explore possibilities or do error correction.
For example, you might use `compute-baseline` to hide a Baseline status, when showing a broader feature's status might be misleading.

If you're not sure whether your application fits with the definition of Baseline, please [file an issue](https://github.com/web-platform-dx/web-features/issues/new).

## Prerequisites

To use this package, you'll need:

- Node.js (a supported [current, active LTS, or maintenance LTS release](https://nodejs.org/en/about/previous-releases))

## Install

To install the package, run:

`npm install --save compute-baseline`

If you wish to specify which version of `@mdn/browser-compat-data` (or manage its upgrades explicitly, such as with Dependabot), then install the latest `@mdn/browser-compat-data` too.
Run:

`npm install --save @mdn/browser-compat-data@latest`

> ## Usage

Author: @foolip a few new examples for usage here. Want to take a look?

If you need authoritative Baseline statuses, check out the [`web-features`](https://github.com/web-platform-dx/web-features/tree/main/packages/web-features) package instead.

You can use `compute-baseline` to explore possibilities or do error correction.
For example, you might use `compute-baseline` to hide a Baseline status, when showing a broader feature's status might be misleading.

If you're not sure whether your application fits with the definition of Baseline, please [file an issue](https://github.com/web-platform-dx/web-features/issues/new).

## Prerequisites

To use this package, you'll need:

- Node.js (a supported [current, active LTS, or maintenance LTS release](https://nodejs.org/en/about/previous-releases))

## Install

To install the package, run:

`npm install --save compute-baseline`

If you wish to specify which version of `@mdn/browser-compat-data` (or manage its upgrades explicitly, such as with Dependabot), then install the latest `@mdn/browser-compat-data` too.
Run:

`npm install --save @mdn/browser-compat-data@latest`

## Usage

```javascript
import { computeBaseline } from "compute-baseline";

computeBaseline({
  compatKeys: ["css.properties.border-color"],

>   checkAncestors: false,

Reviewer: Is it necessary to specify `checkAncestors` if it's false?

And example of bring-your-own-BCD would be helpful here.

Author: `withAncestors` is required. I put in https://github.com/web-platform-dx/web-features/pull/936 to remove this requirement. I'll push a change shortly illustrating the bring-your-own-BCD stuff.

## Usage

### Check support for a group of compat keys

```javascript
import { computeBaseline } from "compute-baseline";

computeBaseline({
  compatKeys: [
    "javascript.builtins.AsyncFunction",
    "javascript.builtins.AsyncFunction.AsyncFunction",
    "javascript.operators.async_function",
    "javascript.operators.await",
    "javascript.statements.async_function",
  ],
});
```

Returns:

```
{
  baseline: 'high',
  baseline_low_date: '2017-04-05',
  baseline_high_date: '2019-10-05',
  discouraged: false,
  support: Map(7) { … }
  toJSON: [Function: toJSON]
}
```

Use the `toJSON()` method to get a `web-features`-like plain JSON representation of the status.

### Check support for a single support key

> Sometimes it can be hepful to know if parent features have less support than the specific feature you'r checking (for example, the parent is behind a prefix or flag) when computing a status for a deeply-nested feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes it can be helpful to know if parent features have less support than the specific feature you're checking (for example, the parent is behind a prefix or flag) when computing a status for a deeply-nested feature.
```
